1.	Which of the following organizations is characterized by pre-paid premium, preventative care, Primary Care Physicians and can be established as Open or Closed Panel plans?

A.	Blue Cross/Blue Shield
B.	Health Maintenance Organization (HMO)
C.	Multiple Employer Trust (MET)
D.	Preferred Provider Organization (PPO)

2.	All of the following are characteristics of Major Medical EXCEPT:

A.	High benefit limits
B.	Co-insurance feature
C.	Blanket coverage
D.	Coverage for routine check-ups

3.	Which of the following would be considered earned income for the purpose of determining an insured¡¯s monthly income benefit?

A.	Rental income
B.	Mutual fund dividends  
C.	Savings account interest
D.	Salary/Bonus/Commissions

4.	Jason increases the elimination period on his disability policy from 30 days to 180 days.  What effect will this change have on his contract?

A.	There will be a premium decrease.  
B.	There will be a benefit increase.
C.	There will be a premium increase.
D.	There will be no changes, as his occupation did not change .

5.	The waiver of premium benefit found in a disability income policy is generally included at no charge.  This benefit states that premiums will be waived if the insured is totally disabled for which of the following periods?

A.	9 months
B.	6 months
C.	3 months
D.	12 months


6.	A contract issued on a Guaranteed Renewable basis, allows an insurer the right to:

A.	Modify premiums, but on a class basis only.
B.	Terminate the policy due to excess claims.
C.	Modify policy provisions during the policy term.
D.	Reduce policy benefits after each filed claim.

7.	A common provision appearing in a health insurance policy is the Misstatement of Age provision.  Which statement below is accurate with regard to this provision?

A.	If an applicant unintentionally misstates his age on an application, the insurer will take no action.
B.	If an applicant¡¯s age has been misstated on an application for health insurance, a premium refund will be made to the insurer
C.	If an applicant intentionally misstates his age on an application, no action will take place.
D.	A misstatement of age on a policy application will result in a benefit adjustment.


8.	The consideration clause that appears in an A&H contract states that the insured¡¯s consideration is:

A.	Premium
B.	Premium and application information.
C.	Application information
D.	Promise to pay benefits

9.	If reasonably possible, an insured must submit Proof of Loss to an insurer within how many days?

A.	30 days
B.	60 days
C.	90 days
D.	180 days


10.	An underwriter derives information from all the following sources, EXCEPT:

A.	The application
B.	The beneficiary
C.	MIB report
D.	Consumer report




11.	Which statement regarding Group Insurance is not true?

A.	Employer is the owner and receives the master contract.
B.	Experience rating is generally used with larger groups.
C.	If a plan is contributory, there must be at least 75% employee participation.
D.	There is a 75-day conversion feature to terminated employees.

12.	The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) allows an employee to continue their group coverage under specific circumstances.  Which of the following would be considered a ¡°qualifying event¡±, thus allowing an employee or their dependents to continue their group coverage under COBRA?

A.	Death of an employee
B.	Divorce or legal separation
C.	Child ceases to be considered a dependent child
D.	All the above are qualifying events.

13.  Which of the following statements is not true with regard to Social Security 
       disability benefits?

       A. Social Security disability benefits have a 5-month waiting period .
          B. Social Security benefits are based, in part, on one¡¯s Primary Insurance 
              Amount (PIA)
         C. The definition of Social Security disability is very restrictive.
         D. The definition of Social Security disability is very liberal.


14.  Premiums paid for individual health insurance are generally:

             A. not deductible.
             B. deductible.
             C. used as a tax write-off.
             D. undervalued .

15.  How are medical and dental benefits received with regard to taxation?

A. They are not taxed, as they are a reimbursement of an expense.
            B. Depending on one¡¯s tax bracket, they may be taxed as high as 39%.
            C. Medical benefits are tax free, dental benefits are taxable as income.
            D. They are included as part of your taxable income, reported on your 
                1040 tax form.




16. A period of time which functions like a deductible and is found in a disability income policy best describes a:

 A. Probationary period
             B. Conversion period
             C. Waiting period
             D. Free-look period

17. An accident and health insurance policy which does not allow a premium
             increase nor modification to its policy provisions best describes a:

  A.  Conditionally renewable policy
              B.  Optionally renewable policy
  C.  Guaranteed renewable policy
  D.  Noncancellable policy

      18.  Many states require the inclusion of a free-look provision in health insurance  
             policies.  Which of the following state?ments is true with regard to this provision?

 A.  The free-look period begins when the policy is delivered to the policyowner
 B.  The free-look period begins on the date the application is completed
 C.  This provision provides the applicant with an oppor?tunity to review the policy
      at a higher cost 
D.	The free-look provision permits an insured to increase coverage without 
                  demonstrat?ing insurability
      
      19.  If an insurer fails to notify an applicant that his reinstatement application was not approved, coverage must automatically be reinstated within what period of time?

 A.  10 days
 B.  15 days
 C.  30 days
 D.  45 days

20.	Following a lapse in coverage, North Carolina allows a policy to be reinstated if 
       it has been lapsed for no more than ____ years and the insured still qualifies for 
       coverage.


A.	1 year
B.	2 years
C.	3 years
D.	5 years

      21.  According to the guaranteed insurability benefit rider, an insured will 
             automatically qualify for additional amounts of guaranteed disability income  
             insurance without:

      A.	Selecting a death benefit
      B.	Naming a beneficiary
      C.	Providing insurability
      D.	Submitting premium





      22.  An insurance company has two years in which to determine that an insured
             concealed material information on a health insurance application according to which of the following provisions?

      A.	Grace period
      B.	Notice of claim provision
      C.	Reinstatement
      D.	Time limit on certain defenses

      23.  What rider added to a disability income policy helps to offset increases in
             inflation?

      A.	AD&D
      B.	Waiver of premium
      C.	Cost of living adjustment
      D.	Waiver of future benefit

      24.  Which of the following provisions aids in reducing the amount of claims filed 
             and protects an insurer when an ap?plicant suspects that he may be in need of 
             medical care?

      A.	Pre-existing condition provision
      B.	Grace period provision
      C.	Coordination of benefits provision
      D.	Elimination period provision


      25.  After her disability income policy has been in effect for three years, Janci 
             increases the waiting period .  What ef?fect will this longer waiting period have on 
             the premium rate charged for Janci's policy?

      A.	The premium will remain level
      B.	The premium decrease each year for the next three years
      C.	The premium will increase
      D.	The premium will decrease


      26.  Mrs. Thomas is covered by a major medical policy with a $100 initial deductible. 
             The policy includes a coinsurance clause of 80/20.  If she incurs medical
            expenses of $3,000, how much will the insurer pay?

      A.	$  680
      B.	$2,320
      C.	$2,400
      D.	$4,000 









      27.  Pat Vincent is covered by a disability income policy paying $800 per month in 
             the event that he becomes totally disaable.  The policy also includes a 60 day 
             waiting period .  If Mr. Vincent is disabled for 90 days, how much will his policy pay?

      A.	$  800
      B.	$1,200
      C.	$1,600
      D.	$2,000

      28. A basic hospital plan may be made up of hospital expense benefits and surgical expense benefits.  Which of the fol?lowing is true with regard to surgical expense benefits?

      A.	Coverage for the cost of ancillary expenses is provided on a reimbursement basis
      B.	The cost of x-rays is generally covered without the satisfaction of a deductible.
      C.	Amounts listed in the policy's benefit schedule are usually expressed in terms of the maximum benefit pay?able
      D.	Policy benefits are subject to deductibles of $1,000 or more

      29.  Some disability income policies include an accidental death and dismemberment 
             benefit.  The term dismemberment would in?clude which of the following?

      A.	Amputation of a person's thumb
      B.	The loss of use of both legs
      C.	The loss of a finger and toe
      D.	The severance of a leg below the knee

30.	Which statement regarding Accidental Death and Dismemberment is incorrect?

A.	Death or dismemberment must occur within 90 days following the accident for benefits to be paid
B.	The capital loss pertains to dismemberment benefits
C.	The principal loss pertains to dismemberment benefits
D.	Severance of a limb is usually required for a dismemberment benefit to be paid

      31.  A Health Maintenance Organization is an alternative provider of medical 
             services.  Which of the following statements is correct regarding an HMO? 

      A.	An HMO functions like a commercial insurer
      B.	An HMO enrollee may utilize any physician desired
      C.	It covers overhead expenses in the event that a business owner dies.  
      D.	It is an organization stressing preventive health care and early diagnosis

      32.  Major medical insurance evolved from basic hospital and sur?gical expense 
             policies.  A major medical policy is charac?terized by all of the following, EXCEPT:

      A.	High maximum coverage limits
      B.	Coinsurance
      C.	Named peril coverage
      D.	A deductible

      33.  Disability income insurance protects an insured's earned in?come.  The premium
             rates charged for this type of policy may be based upon all of the following, EXCEPT:

      A.	Monthly benefit desired
      B.	Sex of the applicant
      C.	Marital status of the insured
      D.	The length of the benefit period

      34.  A Multiple Employer Trust is a vehicle that provides group health insurance 
             benefits.  What is the purpose of a MET?

      A.	To provide disability income insurance to covered employees
      B.	To allow employers in common employments to band together to receive group health benefits
      C.	To permit small companies to contribute to approved pension plans
      D.	To provide group health insurance to eligible employees during a conversion period .

      35.  Ted breaks his leg while being chased by police following a burglary attempt.  
             His insurer may deny the claim filed for his injury based upon which of the following?

      A.	Time limit on certain defenses clause
      B.	Change of occupation provisions
      C.	Illegal occupation provision
      D.	Free-look provision

      36.  Jan Ramsey is covered by a comprehensive major medical policy with basic 
            expenses of $1,000, a $500 corridor de?ductible and an 80/20 coinsurance provision.  Jan incurs medical expenses of $4,000. What is Jan's coinsurance amount? 

      A.	$  500 
      B.	$1,000
      C.	$2,000
      D.	$3,000






      37.  Which provision in a major medical policy states that an in?surer will pay 100% 
             of covered expenses after the insured's out of pocket payments reach a specified 
             level?

      A.	Coinsurance provision
      B.	Stop-loss provision
      C.	Common accident provision
      D.	Principle of indemnity

      38.  Social Security provides a lump sum death benefit, medical expense benefits and disability income benefits.  Disability benefits will begin to an eligible recipient following a waiting period of:

      A.	One month
      B.	Three months
      C.	Five months
      D.	Six months

      39.  An accident and health policy that provides coverage for an insured both on and 
             off the job best describes?

      A.	Occupational policy
      B.	Non-occupational policy
      C.	Non-cancelable policy
      D.	Limited policy


      40.  When must an agent inform an applicant for health insurance that a medical
             information bureau report may be requested on their previous health history?

      A.	At the time of loss 
      B.	At the time of underwriting
      C.	At the time of application
      D.	At the conclusion of the claim

41.	According to the Notice of Claim provision, an insured is required to contact her 
            insurer within___ days following the loss or injury.

A.	10
B.	20
C.	30
D.	60

42.	Following a claim denial, what is the earliest an insured may take legal action 
       against an insurer?
 
A.	60 days
B.	45 days
C.	30 days
D.	6 months



43.	The Time Limit on Certain Defenses provision states that if a material 
       misrepresentation is discovered by the insurer, the policy may be rescinded.  The 
       time frame for the insurer to make that discovery is:

A.	1 year
B.	2 years
C.	3 years
D.	10 years

44.  Who pays the costs associated with a physical exam or autopsy?

A.	The insured
B.	The policyowner
C.	The insurer
D.	Either the policyowner or the insurer depending on the circumstance .

45.	 An insured changes their occupation to one that is significantly more dangerous.  
If they fail to notify their insurer of the change and are subsequently injured as the 
result of an accident from the new job, what action, if any is the insurer allowed to 
take with regard to the stated benefit?

A.	It will be processed as normal.
B.	It will be increased
C.	It will be denied .
D.	It will be reduced.

46.	The Relations of Earnings provision is most closely associated with which policy 
    below?

A.	LTC
B.	Medicare Supplement
C.	Major Medical
D.	Disability

47.	Ensuring that policy provisions adhere to the state regulation in which the policy is 
      sold is most applicable to what provision below?

A.	Conformity with State Statute
B.	Conformity with Federal Statue
C.	Unpaid Claim
D.	Coordination of Benefits






48.	Which renewability provision allows a company to increase policy premiums, but
      only on a class basis?

A.	Non-cancelable
B.	Guaranteed Renewable
C.	Optionally Renewable
D.	Cancellable

49.	Which provision attempts to prevent an insured, who has purchased multiple 
      contracts covering the same loss, from profiting from an injury or illness?

A.	Stop Loss
B.	Time Limit On Certain Defenses
C.	Coordination of Benefits
D.	Coordination of Losses

  50.  Most policies sold today have a ___ day grace period .
  
A.	10
B.	20
C.	30
D.	31

51.	An insured is injured during the grace period of their disability income policy.  The 
      insured has also not yet paid his premium.  What effect, if any would this have on 
      the potential claim? 

A.	The claim would not be paid .
B.	The claim would be paid in full.
C.	The claim amount would be reduced by the insured¡¯s morbidity charge
D.	The claim would be reduced by the amount of the outstanding premium owed the insurer.

52.	Which premium mode would be the least expensive when used to insure a 78 year 
      old man?

A.	annual
B.	semi-annual
C.	monthly
D.	quarterly





53.	Upon graduation from college, a father transfers all of the ownership rights of his sons¡¯ policy to the  son.  Is this legal and if so, what type of assignment has occurred?

A.	Yes it is illegal
B.	No it is not illegal and it is called absolute assignment
C.	No it is not illegal and it is called collateral assignment
D.	It is an illegal act in most states

54.	An insured is required to receive a copy of the policy, application and any riders 
     endorsement or other addendums.  Which provision does this describe?

A.	Incontestable Clause 
B.	Entire Contract Provision 
C.	Free Look Provision 
D.	Owner¡¯s Rights Provision
  55.  John buys life insurance for his wife Shirley.  How many signatures will be needed?

A.	1
B.	2
C.	3
D.	4

56.	Colin completes a life insurance application on Maggie and collects the initial 
premium.  A Conditional Receipt is provided to Maggie.  If the underwriting       department approves the application without a medical exam, when will coverage
   become effective?

A.	When the Insurance Commissioner approves the application.
B.	When the policy is delivered to the client.
C.	As of the date listed on the receipt.
D.	After the free-look has expired .

57.	Carl completes an application for a $10,000,000 life insurance application which
      included a mandatory medical exam which he completed on October 12.  When 
     applying for coverage he provided the required premium, completed the application 
     and received a conditional receipt.  The policy was approved on December 22 and 
     was mailed to the agent on December 29th.  The policy was delivered on January 1st.  
     When did Carl¡¯s coverage actually become effective?
A.	January 1
B.	October 12
C.	December 29
D.	December 22
  58.  The most common definition of total disability is: 

A.	The inability to work.
B.	The inability to perform any job or occupation.
C.	The inability to perform your own occupation or daily duties.
D.	The inability to perform any job by reason of training, experience and education.

59.	The peril to be covered by a particular policy would be found in the ___ clause.

A.	Insuring 
B.	Pre-existing conditions
C.	Reinstatement
D.	Assignment

60.  Loss of sight or hearing would be an example of which of the following? 
A.	Total Disability
B.	Partial disability 
C.	Residual disability 
D.	Presumptive disability 
61.	 Which disability definition below would prove to be the most difficult for an insured  to submit and receive benefit under?
A.	Unable to perform your own occupation
B.	Unable to perform any occupation
C.	Unable to perform any occupation for which the insured is suited
D.	N/A
  62.  Which of the following answers is not a common characteristic of partial disability?
  
A.	It means the inability to perform some, but not all of your daily duties.
B.	The benefit is limited to ¡°up to 50%¡± of the total disability benefit.
C.	Will normally pay for no more than 6 months.
D.	Can be added to a DI policy or sold as a separate, individual contract.

63.	 To be considered a ¡°recurrent¡± disability; it means that the same disability returned 
      within how many months following the end of the original disability?

A.	12
B.	18
C.	24
D.	6

64.	A one time event at the policy inception date whereupon disabilities are not covered for a defined, initial period of time is called:

A.	Elimination period
B.	Residual period
C.	Waiting period
D.	Probationary period

65.	An outside event that is both unforeseen and unintended, that damages tissue or bone would most likely be called a(n):

A.	Accident
B.	Sickness
C.	Injury
D.	Fortunate circumstance

66.	A non-occupational disability policy would provide coverage for:

A.	off the job disabilities only
B.	on the job disabilities only
C.	both on and off the job disabilities
D.	N/A

67.	Common exclusions in a disability income policy would include all the following except? 
A.	War
B.	Private aircraft
C.	Falling off a ladder
D.	Hazardous sport 
68.	A self-employed individual is particularly concerned with having their normal operating expenses paid should they become disabled.  What policy should they purchase to insure this concern?
A.	AD & D
B.	Individual Disability Policy
C.	Business Overhead Expense policy
D.	Key Employee



  69.  Characteristics of a Basic Plan would include all the following except: 

A.	No deductible
B.	Low overall limits
C.	Specific benefits per category of coverage
D.	80/20% co-payment

70.	A deductible that is established on an annual basis that will set a maximum 
      deductible amount for 3 or more member¡¯s best describes:

A.	Per injury deductible
B.	Individual deductible
C.	Spousal deductible
D.	Family maximum deductible

71.	Carlos has a Major Medical policy.  After paying $3,000 in co-payments, his policy 
      begins paying 100% of the bill thereafter.  What added feature is probably included 
      in his Major Medical plan?

A.	Maximum limit clause
B.	Maximum Out-of-Pocket clause
C.	Deductible 
D.	Stop loss limit 
  72.  What policy is a combination of Basic and Major Medical?

A.	A low cost policy
B.	Comprehensive Major Medical
C.	Major Medical
D.	Stop Loss

  73.  Which option below is not limited policy?
A.	Travel Accident
B.	Cancer only insurance 
C.	Comprehensive Major Medical
D.	Credit life or disability insurance



74.	A primary care physician that verifies the need for their patient to seek specialized treatment or services may describe a:
A.	Gatekeeper
B.	Caretaker
C.	Doorkeeper
D.	Preferred Provider
75.	What policy below would be used by business partners to purchase a disabled partners interest in a business?
A.	Key employee policy
B.	Business overhead expense policy
C.	Life insurance buy-out policy
D.	Disability buy-out policy
76.	This provision allows a portion of any used medical benefits to be restored after a 
      particular amount of benefit has been used, or after the policy has been in effect for 
      a particular period of time.

A.	Reimbursement benefit
B.	Restoration of used benefit
C.	Restoration of unused benefit
D.	Medical offset benefit 
77.  All statements below are true regarding a Preferred Provider Organization except: 
A.	PPO¡¯s have more possible service provider options than an HMO.
B.	A PPO creates a Preferred Provider Arrangement whereby discounted pricing is established in exchange for services provided.
C.	Participants can go to any hospital and receive the discounted services.
D.	PPO¡¯s attempt to exchange discounted pricing for volume business
78. Which statement below regarding insurance regulation in this state is incorrect?
A.	Any negotiations to sell an insurance policy is considered transacting insurance.
B.	If an application for insurance is denied, the consumer can request the reason for denial within a 90 day period .
C.	Upon request by the consumer, an insurer must provide the reason for an insurance declination within 30 days.
D.	Claim forms are considered sworn statements.


79.	Which of the following answers is not considered a true statement when discussing the Insurance Commissioner?
A.	Is elected to a four year term of office.
B.	Must examine domestic companies minimally once every five years.
C.	Creates and develops regulatory laws.
D.	Provides no less than a ten day notice for an insurance hearing.
80.	Which of the following is not a potential penalty for someone violating an insurance law?
A.	Monetary fine of $100 to $1,000 dollars
B.	Loss or suspension of license.
C.	Restitution
D.	Lien on personal assets
81.	Which statement is false?
A.	An individual¡¯s insurance rate cannot be altered due to becoming deaf.
B.	Acting as an agent without a license is a Class 1 felony.
C.	Proof of loss forms must be provided to a policyowner within 15 days of a request.
D.	An incomplete comparison of two insurance policies in an attempt to replace an existing coverage in known as twisting.
82.	A licensed individual who represents themselves, as well as their client in an insurance transaction best describes:
A.	An agent
B.	A broker
C.	A limited representative
D.	An adjuster
83. Which statement below is incorrect when discussing a Temporary License?
  A. This license is issued by Insurance Department when a licensed agent dies, becomes 
      totally disabled, enters military service or retires.
  B. They are generally issued without an examination for 180 days.
  C. They only allow the holder to receive renewal commissions.
  D. A sponsor may be appointed to assist the temporary license holder.



84.	Which statement below is incorrect?

A.	Failing to pay state income taxes may be a cause for license suspension or revocation.
B.	Any administrative action against a licensee must be reported to the department within 30 days following final disposition.
C.	An agent is required to carry their insurance license any time they are engaging in the business of insurance.
D.	A change of address must be reported to the department within 30 days following the change .

85.	The Privacy Protection Act requires insurers to provide notice of an insured¡¯s privacy 
      rights no later than:

A.	Time of policy application.
B.	Time of policy delivery.
C.	Time of second renewal.
D.	Does not need to be provided.

86.  Which statement regarding the Privacy Protection Act is false?

A.	Upon request, an insurer must provide a policyowner with information within 30 days.
B.	If proven incorrect, policy records must be corrected within 60 days.
C.	Shared information must be disclosed going back 2 years.
D.	An applicant must be informed of the sources from which information may be gathered.

87. An agent who guarantees the future dividend return on a mutual policy has probably 
      engaged in what Unfair Trade Practice?

A. Rebating
B. Twisting
C. Misrepresentation
D. Coercion

88. Offering a leather briefcase, sporting tickets, special inside information or a portion of 
      the policy commission would illustrate:

A.	Unfair Discrimination
B.	Rebating
C.	Twisting
D.	Boycott or Coercion



89. Regarding the False Pretenses and Cheats statute, which statement is not correct?

A.	This regulation deals with intentional deception or cheating.
B.	If the value of the stolen goods is more than $100,00, the fraudulent individual could be convicted of a Class C felony.
C.	If the value of the stolen goods is less than $100,00, the fraudulent individual could be convicted of a Class C felony.
D.	Nonfulfillment of a contract obligation alone does not necessarily mean their was an intent to defraud.

90.	True statements about the Continuing Education requirement in North Carolina would include all the following except:

A.	24 hours of credit every 2 years, with at least 3 hours dealing in ethics.
B.	Those age 65 and older, continuously licensed for at least 25 years are exempt from the requirement with the exception of the 3 hours of ethics training.
C.	Only classroom courses with certified instructors are approved by the department.
D.	Excess hours are allowed to carry-over into the next 2 year renewal period .

91.	Which of the following statements is false?

A.	15 years of age is the minimum age requirement to purchase life insurance.
B.	Life insurance companies cannot offer shares of stock in their own company as an inducement to purchase insurance.
C.	The reinstatement provision provides a 5 year reinstatement period .
D.	Policy applications can be back-dated for up to 12 months from the issue date .

92.	Insurance policies with relatively small death benefits whereupon an agent would collect a weekly or monthly premium best describes:

A.	Ordinary Whole Life
B.	Credit Insurance
C.	Industrial Life Insurance
D.	Modified Endowment Contract

93. What form provides an overview of a recently purchased insurance policy and must
      be provided no later than time of the policy delivery?

A. Buyer¡¯s Guide
B. Policy Cost Comparison
  C. Policy Summary
  D.  Policy Delivery Notice




94. When must a Buyer¡¯s Guide be provided to an insurance applicant on a policy that
       contains a 10 day free look?

  A. No later than time of policy delivery.
  B. At time of application, prior to premium collection.
  C. At time of application, just after premium collection.
  D. Anytime after the home office underwriting begins.

95. How long is an insurer required to maintain copies of the paperwork used in policy 
      replacement? 

  A. 1 Year
  B. 2 Years
  C. 3 Years
  D. 5 Years

96. The Notice Regarding Replacement form must be provided to a client no later than:

A.	Time of application
B.	Time of delivery
C.	Time of underwriting
D.	Time of renewal

97. Regarding fraternal organizations, which statement is incorrect?

A.	A fraternal is a non-profit social organizations.
B.	Members and dependents can buy a wide variety of group coverage through the fraternal agent.
C.	Fraternal agents typically do not need to take a state examination to become licensed .
D.	Fraternal organization are exempt from adhering to state insurance laws.

98.  What is the maximum amount payable to a single individual via the Life Insurance
       Guarantee Association?

    A. $300,000
    B. $500,000
    C. $250,000
    D. $100,000


99.  Which statement is false?
A.	Cancellation of a group health plan requires 45 days notice.
B.	Utilization review is designed to help manage health care costs.
C.	Children are covered under a family health plan only after the premium has been paid .
D.	A handicapped child can remain on a family group plan for as long as their handicap continues.
100.	Which statement is false?
A.	An insured cannot be limited in which pharmacy they wish to buy prescription drugs from.
B.	All health plans must provide access to obstetricians for woman age 13 and older.
C.	All health care policies must provide access to mammograms.
D.	Health care policies can refuse to insure an  individual solely due to the fact that they are mentally ill.  
